Security advisories and Octopus products (#397)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2021-02/security-advisories/index.md

---
title: Introducing Octopus security advisories
description: Updating the way we keep our customers informed about product security
author: kyle.jackson@octopus.com
published: 2021-02-11
metaImage: blogimage-security.png
bannerImage: blogimage-security.png
tags:
  - Trust & Security
  - Product
  - Advisories
---

![A stylized Octopus & Shield icon](blogimage-security.png)

> It's no surprise that software products have security vulnerabilities, or that when they do occur, it's important for vendors to have effective communications strategies to ensure systems are secure and users aren't left vulnerable.

Reviewer: Should it be communication or communications?

> It's no surprise that software products have security vulnerabilities, or that when they do occur, it's important for vendors to have effective communications strategies to ensure systems are secure and users aren't left vulnerable.

Author: ```suggestion
It's no surprise that software products have security vulnerabilities, or that when they do occur, it's important for vendors to have effective communication strategies to ensure systems are secure and users aren't left vulnerable.
```

## How we currently notify customers about product security vulnerabilities

When we discover or are notified of a security vulnerability in our products we patch the vulnerability, create a CVE, create a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/Issues), and update our release notes with the fix and the CVE number.

In terms of notifying our customers of security vulnerabilities we have always assumed our customers are either reading the release notes or are periodically checking CVE databases for any security vulnerabilities. However, we believe we can do more to help our customers have the information they need to ensure their environments remain secure.

To address this we're introducing Octopus Security Advisories.

## Octopus security advisories

Octopus security advisories are essentially the aggregation of the release notes, CVE details, and extra information we want to provide to our customers in one place so customers don't have to go hunting for information.

Some of the information provided in the security advisories will be:

> - Vulnerability risk based on an Octopus assessment (more to come on this).

Reviewer: Can we change this line to "vulnerability severity based on an Octopus Deploy assessment" ?

> - Vulnerability risk based on an Octopus assessment (more to come on this).

Author: ```suggestion
- Vulnerability severity based on an Octopus Deploy assessment (more to come on this).
```

Reviewer: No, we can remove this now as we have the severity levels guide on the site
